
PROBLEM STATEMENT

1. Adblock dapat memblokir semua iklan yang ada di website GYF

Implikasinya:
1. Jika semua iklan di website GYF diblokir, maka GYF company tidak dapat membuat track mengenai end-user, hal ini akan
   menyebabkan adanya kesulitan untuk company menganalisis sifat dari customer
2. Jika tidak ada track end-user, maka untuk membuat keputusan langkah yang diambil oleh company kedepannya berdasarkan customer
   sangat menyulitkan company dikarenakan company tidak memiliki track end-user untuk mengetahui sifat dari customer dan trend
   demand dari setiap product.
3. Hal ini tentu saja dapat menggangu jalannya operation dari company untuk melakukan forecasting agar mendapatkan solusi yang tepat
   dari setiap product, dimana forecasting ini sangat diperlukan oleh company untuk mengurangi risk atau kerugian yang akan diterima
   oleh company.
4. 

STRATEGY

1. Meminta untuk mematikan ad-block ketika mengunjungi website GYF
2. Jika end-user tidak mau mematikan ad-blocknya, maka untuk mengetrack end-user, dapat menggunakan cara dari kepuasan pelanggan 
   melalui rating, dan untuk mempromosikan product dari GYF dapat menggunakan cara mengirimkan email 

“We’re committed to hosting safe ads and respecting your privacy. To keep reading, please disable your ad blocker.” 


“Advertising of the future [should] be a ‘gift,’ ‘delightful and informative,’ ‘useful,’ ‘meaningful,’ and ‘an invisible, 
inspirational, and indispensable part of product and service experiences’.”


This brings us to the second flaw in the old mental model of advertising: the assumption that ads are unwanted, disrespectful, 
irrelevant, and something to be suffered through.

show that advertising could and should be R.A.V.E.S. — relevant and respectful, actionable, valuable and value-generating, 
with an exceptional experience and a share-worthy story.

“To earn the attention of increasingly savvy and selective individuals — listen to what they are telling you, and give them 
something of value.”

My reaction after reading this article is what I generally know about the execution of a strategy to solve problems that exist in an 
organization or company. A company can effectively execute the strategy that has been made by considering all aspects, but in my 
opinion the most important thing is the aspect of company behavior, where in the company there are a lot of behavior and work 
characteristics of every element in the company that makes a company or organization has developed like now. For this reason, 
discussion and joint decision making are urgently needed in order to produce a strategic solution that can be implemented effectively 
in the future.

Carrie:
1. OK
2. OK
3. NO
4. NO
5. OK
6.
7. OK
8. OK

Peggy:
1. NO
2. NO 
3. OKMarketing typically requires more creative activity – copywriting, photography, analyzing and predicting human behavior, making TV commercials and the like – than other corporate departments.
4. OK
5. OK
6.
7. NO
8. NO

Similar disparities exist for non-financial measures related to employee performance, operational results, quality, alliances, 
supplier relations, innovation, community and the environment. More important, stock market and long-term accounting performance are 
both higher when these measurement gaps are smaller.

gy, value drivers, organizational objectives and the competitive environment. In addition, companies should remember that performance 
measurement choice is a dynamic process – measures may be appropriate today, but the system needs to be continually reassessed as 
strategies and competitive environments evolve.

Marketing typically requires more creative activity – copywriting, photography, analyzing and predicting human behavior, making TV 
commercials and the like – than other corporate departments.

he learned that it was important for companies to identify and articulate the key audiences (primary and secondary) they were targeting.


Many customers wanted advice on the items they saw on the site, however, particularly the first few times they called. That 
interaction was key to building a strong relationship between the site and its customers. It also provided valuable insights as to 
what shoppers wanted.

To boost the productivity of its sales people by introducing a system of bonuses for those who met monthly targets. Sales went up, 
bonuses were paid and everyone was happy — until the managers realized that returns were also soaring. 

While some workers undoubtedly do waste too much time checking out Facebook at work, the lesson is clear: Teaching the low-productivity 
workers to better manage their time, while ensuring they have engaging work suited to their skills, will more effectively enhance 
productivity, says Ellwood.

“As a manager, you have to align the incentives for your high-productivity people — give them a bonus, or more responsibilities, 
so they have an incentive to stay,” notes Ellwood.


I see this project as a project that actually happens in the world of work. This made me understand how important it is to make 
decisions carefully in order to produce the best solutions and produce decisions that can benefit all elements in the world of work. 
My tips to be able to complete this project, assume that all cases that exist you have to take seriously and pay attention from all 
aspects, it is quite difficult and takes a lot of time, but believe me by doing that, it will make it easier to complete this project.

I will plan to apply the knowledge I have gained from the business analytics course in my daily life by following all the workflows 
of all the steps described in this course. And I don't forget to apply it to all aspects, from customer analysis to accounting 
analytics.